volto-customization updating training. (#974)
plone/training: docs/volto-customization/voltosettings.md

# Most useful Volto settings

You can configure Volto by modifying settings in your add-on.

> ### New approach: using the `config/folder`

Reviewer: Stepwise headings.

```suggestion
## New approach: using the `config/folder`
```

> Now, add-ons use a modular configuration structure.
> Settings and blocks are defined in separate TypeScript files inside the `config/folder` and imported into `index.ts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, add-ons use a modular configuration structure.
Settings and blocks are defined in separate TypeScript files inside the {file}`config/folder` and imported into {file}`index.ts`.
```

Author: done

> In our add-on we can modify the `config/settings.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our add-on, modify the file {file}`config/settings.ts`.
```

Author: done

The following settings have been customized in this add-on:

```ts
import type { ConfigType } from "@plone/registry";

export default function install(config: ConfigType) {
  // Language settings configured with default values
  config.settings.isMultilingual = false;
  config.settings.supportedLanguages = ["en"];
  config.settings.defaultLanguage = "en";

  // Other settings we have enabled
  config.settings.navDepth = 3;
  config.settings.openExternalLinkInNewTab = true;
  config.settings.hasWorkingCopySupport = true;

  return config;
}
```

> This settings file is imported into `index.ts` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This settings file is imported in {file}`index.ts` by default.
```

> You can follow the same approach to add **blocks**, **slots**, **summary**, and other configurations.

Reviewer: Emphasis is not necessary.

```suggestion
You can follow the same approach to add blocks, slots, summary, and other configurations.
```

Author: done

> For a practical example, see the [Volto Light Theme config](https://github.com/kitconcept/volto-light-theme/blob/main/frontend/packages/volto-light-theme/src/index.ts#L79).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a practical example, see the [Volto Light Theme configuration](https://github.com/kitconcept/volto-light-theme/blob/main/frontend/packages/volto-light-theme/src/index.ts#L79).
```

Author: done

Here are some more setting you might use in your projects:

> - `contentIcons` - configure Content Types icons. See [documentation](https://github.com/plone/volto/blob/main/packages/volto/src/config/index.js#L62).

Reviewer: Use permalinks to protect against future changes.

```suggestion
- `contentIcons` - configure Content Types icons. See [documentation](https://github.com/plone/volto/blob/c72f17d3cb5002548d2c6d74b4498618b937e38a/packages/volto/src/config/index.js#L61).
```

Author: done
